Update Form.tsx and make submit method public (#4029)
rjsf-team/react-jsonschema-form: CHANGELOG.md

## @rjsf/core

- Removed `dateElementProps` function implementation, and replaced it with `getDateElementProps` from `@rjsf/utils`.

> - Modify submit methond and make it a public method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Modify submit method and make it a public method, fixing [#4015](https://github.com/rjsf-team/react-jsonschema-form/issues/4015)
```
